Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it exploded.
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
Chuck Norris has no middle name because nothing gets between Chuck Norris.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris's Blood Type is AK-47.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck Norris once walked away from a fight with two broken ribs and a dislocated arm. He hasn't given them back yet...
Chuck Norris doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.
When a zombie apocalypse starts, Chuck Norris doesn't try to survive. The zombies do.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack... even a heart isnt foolish enough to attack Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
Chuck Norris doesn't play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you."
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris' dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a marble.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris caught the Gingerbread man.
Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number, you pick up the wrong phone.
A bulletproof vest wears Chuck Norris for protection.
Chuck Norris found the last digit of pi.
Chuck Norris can cut a knife with butter.
When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital.
Chuck Norris can pull a hat out of a rabbit.
Chuck Norris can play Classic with retail features.
When Chuck Norris does push ups, he actually just pushing the planet down.
Chuck Norris does not wait for Classic WoW - it is Classic WoW that waits for him.
Whenever Chuck Norris goes to Sentinel Hill, the fires stop.
Chuck Norris can swim to Kalimdor from the Eastern Kingdoms.
Chuck Norris doesn't die and go to Helheim, Helheim dies and comes to Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris does not pray God. God prays Chuck Norris.
Deathwing got the achievement for being killed by Chuck Norris.
If god can walk on water, chuck norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris punched a hole in a Tauren, just to see who was coming down the road.
Chuck Norris knows why the leaves fall.
